
"related question" : {
	"The user is asking for room details."
	"The user is asking for information about the hotel rooms. "
	"The user is asking for room packages.",
	"The user is requesting information about room packages.",
	"The user is asking for the available room types.",
	"The user is asking about the types of rooms offered. "
	"The user is asking if there are any special room packages available."
	"The user is asking for information about all the room packages offered by the hotel.",
	}


<startcontext>


This document contains all room packages details only



"package name : deluxe Room package"
	{

	deluxe Rooms package overview

	The Deluxe Room at Hide Ella Resort is a spacious
	33-square-meter retreat with stunning views of Ella
	Gap or lush tree canopies. Guests enjoy a range of
	amenities, including luxurious toiletries, 
	high-speed internet, an LED TV, a mini bar, 
	and tea/coffee-making facilities. Additional 
	features include a writing table, air conditioning, 
	and a safe locker, ensuring a comfortable and memorable 
	stay in Sri Lanka's scenic hill country.

	}

"package name : family Rooms package"
	
	{

	Family Room package overview

	With breath taking view of Ella gap and overlooking tree canopy. 
	Our family room coupled with extra-large balcony with connecting 
	door offers spacious comfortable surroundings. It has been individually 
	styled to enhance the blending into the environment. The room features 
	with two king size beds. Sleeps 2 adults and 2 children.
	Experience the beauty and serenity of Sri Lanka’s scenic hill country. 
	Hide Ella Resort is an elegant, chic hotel that stands on a scenic 1acre, 
	surrounded by a stunning landscape. The uniquely designed resort blends well 
	with nature, and consists of charming. The exquisite country side, breathtaking 
	views and exciting nature trails will assure you of a memorable holiday at one of the most 
	breathtaking Ella hotels in the region. Area-33 square meters Out door view -Garden+Montain 
	view Attached Bathroom

	}

"package name : Premium Rooms package"

	{

	Premium Rooms overview

	The Premium Room at Hide Ella Resort offers a spacious 
	33-square-meter retreat with an extra-large balcony and 
	stunning views of the garden and mountains, accommodating 
	up to two adults. Designed to blend with its green surroundings, 
	this room features amenities such as luxurious toiletries, 
	high-speed internet, an LED TV, a mini bar, and tea/coffee-making 
	facilities. Additional comforts include air conditioning, 
	a writing table, and a safe locker, ensuring a relaxing and 
	memorable stay in Sri Lanka's scenic hill country.

	}


"package name : Twin Rooms package"

	{

	Twin Rooms overview

	The Twin Room at Hide Ella Resort features a spacious 
	33-square-meter layout with two extra-long single beds, 
	accommodating guests comfortably. With views of either 
	Ella Gap or a lush tree canopy, this room is designed 
	to enhance your experience in Sri Lanka's scenic hill country. 
	Amenities include luxurious toiletries, high-speed internet, 
	an LED TV, a mini bar, and tea/coffee-making facilities. 
	Additional features like air conditioning, a writing table, 
	and a safe locker ensure a relaxing and memorable stay in 
	this beautifully designed resort.

	}

<endcontext>