This document include full details about ella 6 icon day tuk tuk ride.

 "related questions": [
    	"Can you provide me with all the information about the Ella 6 Icon Day Tuk Tuk Ride?",
	"What are the full details of the 6 Icon Day Tuk Tuk Ride package?",
	"Could you explain everything about the Ella 6 Icon Day Tuk Tuk Ride?",
	"I’d like to know all the specifics about the 6 Icon Tuk Ride. Can you help?",
	"What should I expect from the Ella 6 Icon Day Tuk Tuk Ride? Please give complete details.",
	"Please give me a detailed breakdown of the Ella 6 Icon Day Tuk Tuk Ride experience.",
	"What does the Ella 6 Icon Day Ride include? I need all the details.",
	"Can you describe the Ella 6 Icon Tuk Ride in full?",
  ]

<startcontext>

Tour name : Ella 6 Icons Day Tour with Tuk Tuk – Private Full Day Tour (8 hours) {

Enjoy the convenience of being picked from your accommodations in Hide Ella Hotel 
& Resort via tuk-tuk. Begin your tour with an early morning hike to the famous cliff, 
Ella Rock. Along the way, you’ll journey through tranquil woodlands and tea plantations. 
Walk alongside the iconic Sri Lankan railroad. Once you’ve reached Ella Rock, you’ll be 
able to enjoy amazing panoramic views.


Navigating the hill country sights around Ella can be tricky, 
but this full-day private tour makes it easy. Avoid confusion about which trails 
to take and ensure you cover the must-sees with a guide to lead the way and share
scenic and cultural insights. Summit Ella Rock to admire mountain views, 
traverse tea fields, see the Ravana Falls, 9-Arch Bridge, and Demodara Loop; 
and experience the splendors of Little Adam’s Peak. Lunch and hotel pickup and drop-off 
are included.

* Check out Six Ella highlights on a hassle-free private day trip

* Go with a guide by foot and Tuk Tuk to save time and avoid losing way

* Ella Rock, 9-Arch Bridge, Ravana Falls, Little Adam’s Peak, Demodara Loop andUva Halpewatte Tea Factory Tour

* Relax with private transport, hotel pickup and drop-off, and lunch included



Tuk Tuk Tour Reservation

Best way to get to Ella by Train which take you through a breathtaking scenic route. 
is it your plan too? Good, do it, it’s a great idea. Next Best would be to book a Tuk Tuk Tour  
when you stay in Ella for a couple of days or maybe even for one day. It’s fun riding through the 
curvy streets and tea plantation with a Tuk Tuk. You can stop wherever you want to take photos 
or just enjoy the view. Then you see what Ella can offer you. Also it helps to understand the way of life in Ella better.
Ella is a popular place for tourists. If you already know on which dates you come to the city it’s smart to make a Tuk Tuk 
reservation before your arrival. So you can be sure to get one and you don’t waste time looking for one.

Tuk Tuk Tour Price
* All-inclusive – Ella Full Day Sightseeing Tour (8 hours) – 60 USD per person
* Tuk Tuk Safari in Lipton’s Seat (8 hours) – 60 USD per person

Cancellation Policy
* You can cancel up to 24 hours in advance of the experience


Overview

Enjoy the convenience of being picked from your accommodations in Hide Ella Hotel & Resort via tuk-tuk. Begin your tour with an 
early morning hike to the famous cliff, Ella Rock. Along the way, you’ll journey through tranquil woodlands and tea plantations. 
Walk alongside the iconic Sri Lankan railroad. Once you’ve reached Ella Rock, you’ll be able to enjoy amazing panoramic views.
Hike down from Ella Rock to Nine Arches Bridge, a picturesque bridge which connects the Ella and Demodara railway stations. 
The bridge consists of 9 arches, which offer a harmonious sense of geometry against the lush green growth of the countryside. 
The bridge is made exclusively from rock, brick, and cement, and doesn’t use any steel. Stand underneath the bridge and look out into 
the beautiful “9 skies” framed by the 9 arches. Walk across the bridge and learn about its history from your knowledgable guide as you 
take in the surroundings. Sit down for lunch at a local restaurant before going for an afternoon hike to Little Adam’s Peak, 
Ella’s most well-known attraction. Enjoy an easy and gradual climb to the peak. Once there, take in a spectacular view of the 
Ella Gap. Walk through lush green tea plantations and paddy fields. See local people plucking and collecting tea leaves. Gaze 
over the valley into the island’s central highlands. Take a refreshing swig of complimentary bottled water. Your tour ends as 
you are returned to your hotel via tuk-tuk


1) Ella Rock

The iconic Ella Rock is a mesmerizing view point that gives you an unhindered view of the mountain 
silhouettes and the villages below. Loved by hikers and nature enthusiasts, 
conquering Ella rock during your stay here is an absolute must!

2) Nine Arches Bridge

The famous Nine Arches Bridge has made it to almost every Instagram feed of explorers to the island. 
The bridge is located between Ella and Demodara railway stations and is most famous because of its curved structure. 
Known to be the best example of a colonial-era railway, the bridge has attracted tourists from around the world. The bridge is approximately 30m high.

3) Little Adam’s Peak

Deriving its name from its big brother, the sacred mountain Adam’s Peak, Little Adam’s Peak is 2243m above sea level. 
The trail to the mountain is fairly average and would require you to have a medium level of fitness. With marked paths, 
you’ll have to clamber through some narrow rocky areas to reach the summit. The view from the peak is definitely worth the arduous climb. 
There are a number of hotels located in the area to cater to the large number of tourists that visit the mountain. The ideal time to start 
your hike is either in the morning or late evening, when it isn’t to hot.

4) Rawana Falls

Ravana Ella Falls is an impressive waterfall with a fascinating story behind it. 
Known to be one of the widest falls in the country, Ravana falls towers around 25m in height. 
According to legend, it was said that King Ravana, from the Ramayana, 
kidnapped Princess Sita and hid her in the caves behind the waterfall.

5) Demodara Loop

The spiral railway is said to be the most fascinating civil engineering marvels on the island. 
The Demodara Loop is about 10 mins from Ella, after the Nine Arch Bridge. The railway was built 
in the 20th century by the British who mainly used it to transport tea from Uva to the city of Colombo.


6) Uva Halpewatte Tea Factory Tour

Find out how your favourite cup of Ceylon tea was made! Take a tour through the heritage of 
tea and visit the Halpe tea factory, located a few minutes from the town. Here, you’ll find out how 
tea is manufactured, graded, processed and packed! The onsite tea boutique allows you to buy your fresh box of tea before you leave.



What’s Included

1. Bottled water
2. Driver/guide
3. Picnic lunch
4. Hotel pickup and drop-off
5. Tuk tuk transport

Meeting and Pickup

* Meeting points: Hide Ella Hotel & Resort
* Start time: 09:00 AM
* Endpoint: This activity ends back at Hide Ella Hotel & Resort.
* Duration: 8 hours

What To Expect(Overview)

* Take in breathtaking views of the Ella Gap from the top of Ella Rock
* Marvel at the world class architecture of Nine Arches Bridge
* Feel inner peace at the top of Little Adam’s peak
* Allow your personal local guide to show you the natural beauty of Ella’s surrounding areas

Additional Info

* Not wheelchair accessible
* Children must be accompanied by an adult
* Travelers should have a moderate physical fitness level
* This is a private tour/activity. Only your group will participate
* Duration 8 hours

<endcontext>





