
"related questions": [
	"The user is asking for recommendations for nearby attractions or places to visit during their stay.",
	"The user is asking for recommendations for must-see spots or activities around the hotel.",
	"The user is asking for suggestions on popular tourist destinations close to the hotel",
	"The user is asking for a list of interesting places to visit in the area."
	"The user is asking for recommendations for local sights or landmarks for a first-time visitor.",
	"The user is asking for recommendations on nearby attractions that they should not miss while staying at the hotel.",
	"The user is asking for recommendations for cultural or historical sites to visit nearby. "
  ]

<startcontext>

1) Ella Rock

The iconic Ella Rock is a mesmerizing view point that gives you an unhindered view of the mountain 
silhouettes and the villages below. Loved by hikers and nature enthusiasts, 
conquering Ella rock during your stay here is an absolute must!

2) Nine Arches Bridge

The famous Nine Arches Bridge has made it to almost every Instagram feed of explorers to the island. 
The bridge is located between Ella and Demodara railway stations and is most famous because of its curved structure. 
Known to be the best example of a colonial-era railway, the bridge has attracted tourists from around the world. The bridge is approximately 30m high.

3) Little Adam’s Peak

Deriving its name from its big brother, the sacred mountain Adam’s Peak, Little Adam’s Peak is 2243m above sea level. 
The trail to the mountain is fairly average and would require you to have a medium level of fitness. With marked paths, 
you’ll have to clamber through some narrow rocky areas to reach the summit. The view from the peak is definitely worth the arduous climb. 
There are a number of hotels located in the area to cater to the large number of tourists that visit the mountain. The ideal time to start 
your hike is either in the morning or late evening, when it isn’t to hot.

4) Rawana Falls

Ravana Ella Falls is an impressive waterfall with a fascinating story behind it. 
Known to be one of the widest falls in the country, Ravana falls towers around 25m in height. 
According to legend, it was said that King Ravana, from the Ramayana, 
kidnapped Princess Sita and hid her in the caves behind the waterfall.

5) Demodara Loop

The spiral railway is said to be the most fascinating civil engineering marvels on the island. 
The Demodara Loop is about 10 mins from Ella, after the Nine Arch Bridge. The railway was built 
in the 20th century by the British who mainly used it to transport tea from Uva to the city of Colombo.


6) Uva Halpewatte Tea Factory Tour

Find out how your favourite cup of Ceylon tea was made! Take a tour through the heritage of 
tea and visit the Halpe tea factory, located a few minutes from the town. Here, you’ll find out how 
tea is manufactured, graded, processed and packed! The onsite tea boutique allows you to buy your fresh box of tea before you leave.

<endcontext>